>> Student: Do you wanna mention the pause
test helper instead of just debugger?
Because oftentimes do you wanna interact
with the page at a state in your test?
>> Mike North: I think it's included,
right?
Let's see.
I believe it is.
Let me see.
>> Student: Often-
>> Mike North: Why don't you tell me what
you'd like me to do?
>> Student: [LAUGH]
>> Mike North: It's pause test, right?
>> Student: Yeah, and then instead
of debugger, put a wait pause test.
>> Mike North: Interesting.
>> Student: And then, and above two.
>> Mike North: Above?
>> Student: Where the other debugger is,
just take it out.
>> Mike North: [CROSSTALK]
>> Student: And then,
you can show the difference.
Does something very similar as you know.
And in the console,
you'll see a little message.
>> Mike North: So yeah,
this is a relatively new thing.
So what pause test does,
it's kind of like a debugger.
You can still inspect the page
with debugger, right?
We were able to pluck out DOM elements.
But I couldn't have gone in here and
started to type stuff.
So this is the live app.
I'm able to sort of poke at it and
do whatever I need to do.
And to resume,
instead of hitting play in my debugger,
we're not really paused here,
you just run resume test.
And that should go to the next screen.
And then we resume test again.
So two different ways, but yeah,
thank you for pointing that out.
This is another valuable thing that
sort of, it'll level up from debugger.
Yes?
>> Student2: One more slight
addition to that is that you
don't have to import it.
You can just use this stop pauseTest.
Because oftentimes, you don't actually
wanna use that long term use of it, so
you can just drop into the debugger here.
>> Mike North: Yes,
good point there, right?
You don't wanna leave this
import hanging around.
>> Student: And
if you click development mode,
I think it fixes all the weird zooming.
>> Mike North: I think, when I get rid
of all my test runner UI, I would.
I don't get to see my test passing or
failing.
To me, that's kind of a valuable thing.
Especially when I'm writing the test.
I want to know is it green or not.
But absolutely, if we were to run through
this, and leave pause test in place,
now it's sort of two units UI's
completely hidden from you.
And you'll just sort of see things
like flashing on the screen as
the tests are run on a full size app.
Which, when used in
combination with pause test,
this would be great for
maybe debugging something.
But for writing it from scratch,
I kinda want to know about the status.
It's a top level thing.
Great additions,
please don't hesitate to chime in
with more if you have other insights.
>> Student3: Can you still inspect state
when using pause test similar to debugger?
Or it's on pause, so
you don't have the frozen state for-
>> Mike North: When you talk about state,
you mean you want to be able to see
what's in all of the closures at
a particular stack frame.
You cannot because this
is an ember construct.
And just think of it
like you're waiting for
a promise that doesn't resolve
until you call resume test.
That's it.
So the benefit is you can
interact with your app.
The cost is you can't
really see a stack frame.
So if you were, for example, counting
invocations of something, make sure this
action is fired once or twice, and
you're gonna assert on that later,
debugger might be the right tool for
the job.
Because you care about
this closure right here.
But we don't any variables
in this closure right now.
So I wouldn't put a lot
of value on pausing.
Sorry, I wouldn't put a lot of
value in using debugger here.
Pause test is probably the right tool for
the job.
But if you wanted to pause
within application code, right,
like in an action handler of some sort or
something else,
there, I would not use pause test,
I would use debugger.
Because you could tempt out a race
condition that's gonna radically alter
the way your code is gonna work.